1. Q: What is a project in the context of Streams resources?
   A: A project is defined at a top level in the hierarchy of Streams resources. A user registers a project by providing metadata information such as the principal Investigator, project URL, funding resource, etc. A list of authorized users can be added to various project roles to have a controlled access over the project resources.

2. Q: How is a project registered?
   A: When a project is first registered, a collection is created in the back-end MongoDB. User permissions to access this collection are then set up in the security kernel.

3. Q: What is a site in the context of Streams resources?
   A: A site is a geographical location that may hold one or more instruments. Sites are next in the streams hierarchy and they inherit permissions from the projects.

4. Q: How is a site created?
   A: Project owners can create sites by providing the geographical information such as latitude, longitude and elevation of the site or GeoJSON encoded spatial information.

5. Q: What is an instrument in the context of Streams resources?
   A: Instruments are physical entities that may have one or more embedded sensors to sense various parameters such as temperature, relative humidity, specific conductivity, etc. These sensors referred to as variables in Streams API generate measurements, which are stored in the influxDB along with a ISO8601 timestamp.

6. Q: How are instruments associated with sites and projects?
   A: Instruments are associated with specific sites and projects. Information about the instruments such as site and project ids, name and description of the instrument, etc. are stored in the mongoDB sites JSON document.

7. Q: What are variables in the context of Streams resources?
   A: Variables are the sensors embedded in the instruments that sense various parameters such as temperature, relative humidity, specific conductivity, etc. These variables generate measurements, which are stored in the influxDB along with a ISO8601 timestamp.

8. Q: What are measurements in the context of Streams resources?
   A: Measurements are the data generated by the variables in the instruments. These measurements are stored in the influxDB along with a ISO8601 timestamp.

9. Q: What are channels in the context of Streams resources?
   A: Channels are the means through which the data from the variables is transmitted. 

10. Q: What are the types of channel alerts?
    A: There are two types of channel alerts: Threshold Check and Deadman Check. Threshold Check alerts are triggered when a certain threshold is crossed. Deadman Check alerts are triggered when no data is received for a certain period of time.1. Question: What are channel actions?
   Answer: Channel actions are the type of actions that a channel should perform. These can be defined under the action parameter within a triggers_with_actions object.

2. Question: What are the attributes of an Actor channel?
   Answer: The attributes of an Actor channel are method, actor_id, and message.

3. Question: What is the method attribute in a Job channel?
   Answer: The method attribute in a Job channel is a string that should be "JOB".

4. Question: What is the webhook_url in a Slack channel?
   Answer: The webhook_url in a Slack channel is a string that should be a URL to a Slack webhook.

5. Question: What is the data_field in an HTTP Webhook channel?
   Answer: The data_field in an HTTP Webhook channel is a string that should be the field name for the webhook message.

6. Question: What is the purpose of the Create Channels function?
   Answer: The Create Channels function is used to create new channels using either PySDK or CURL.

7. Question: What does the List Channels function do?
   Answer: The List Channels function is used to list all the channels using either PySDK or CURL.

8. Question: What is the purpose of the Get Channel Details function?
   Answer: The Get Channel Details function is used to get the details of a specific channel using either PySDK or CURL.

9. Question: What does the Update Channels function do?
   Answer: The Update Channels function is used to update the details of a specific channel using either PySDK or CURL.

10. Question: What are the different roles in the Streams service?
    Answer: The Streams service supports three types of roles: admin, manager, and user. Admins have elevated privileges and can create, update, or delete any of the Streams resources. Managers can perform all read and write operations on Streams resources, except for deleting them. Users can only perform read operations on the resources and are not authorized to write or delete the resources.1. Question: What are the three parameters a user must provide to get a list of user roles on a project, channel, or template?
   Answer: The three parameters are resource_type (project/channel/template), resource_id (project_id/channel_id/template_id), and user (username for whom roles are to be checked).

2. Question: What roles must a user have to list the user roles on a resource?
   Answer: The user must have one of the three roles: admin, manager, or user.

3. Question: What are the three possible responses when requesting a list of roles?
   Answer: The responses depend on if the requesting user and user specified in query parameters are the same or different. The three cases are: both are the same and have a role, both are different and the requesting user does not have a role, and both are different but the requesting user has a role.

4. Question: Who can grant roles?
   Answer: Roles can be granted by Project/Channel/Template admins or managers.

5. Question: Can a user grant roles to themselves?
   Answer: No, self role granting is not permitted.

6. Question: What happens if a user tries to grant a role that the recipient already has?
   Answer: If the user already has the role, no action is taken.

7. Question: What roles can an admin grant?
   Answer: An admin can grant any of the three roles: admin, manager, or user.

8. Question: What roles can a manager grant?
   Answer: A manager can only grant manager and user roles.

9. Question: Who can revoke roles?
   Answer: Only users in the admin role are capable of revoking roles.

10. Question: Can a user revoke their own role?
   Answer: No, self role revoking is not permitted.